"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears." - Chantal Sutherland
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." - Albert Schweitzer
"The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday." - Matty Mullins
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
"Success is not about being the best. It's about being better than you were yesterday." - Unknown
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it." - Unknown
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Believe in yourself, take action, and you can accomplish anything." - Brad Paisley
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." - Jim Rohn
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will." - Vince Lombardi
"Don't wait for opportunity. Create it." - George Bernard Shaw
"The secret to getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis